Lack of moral principle.
Keep Europe for Europeans.
If female Dalai Lama comes,
then she should be more attractive.
His emotions also, little bit...
too complicated.
What do you mean by that?
What do you think of him in office?
One day he says something, another day
he says something,
but I think [there's a] lack of moral principle.
When he become president
he expressed: 'America first.'
That is wrong.
America, they should take
the global responsibility.
I am one admirer of [the] spirit of [the] European Union.
I'm outsider
but I feel better [to] remain in the union.
The campaign to leave the European Union
used one of your quotes in their posters.
It said: 'The goal should be that migrants return and help rebuild their countries.
You have to be practical.
It's impossible for everyone to come.'
The European countries
should take these refugees
and give them education
and training
and then aiming is - return to their own land.
And if these people want to stay in Europe,
shouldn't they be allowed to?
Limited number... OK.
But whole Europe
eventually become Muslim country?
Impossible.
Or African country. Also impossible.
There's nothing wrong with that, is there?
I mean, you're a refugee yourself.
They themselves, I think
better to their own land.
Better.
Keep Europe for Europeans.
Have you given up the hope of returning?
No, no, no.
Tibetan people very much
showed their trust in me,
so they are very, very eager.
Many old people,
with tears, they ask me:
'Please come to Tibet.'
So how would that happen,
Your Holiness?
Now, China is changing.
So you have had contact
Yes.
in the last few years with Chinese officials? Who?
Entirely
privately.
Number of Chinese retired officials
and some scholars
who have some connections
with Chinese government.
Has President Xi
ever asked you for a meeting?
Not yet.
Do you think China's growing influence
is having an impact on your own
influence and the cause of Tibet?
I don't care.
No.
I think the Chinese themselves is changing
their attitude.
You once said
that you would be open to
a female successor.
That's also possible.
You also told one of my colleagues
that: 'That female must be attractive
otherwise it's not much use.'
Yes.
Can you see why that
comment upset a lot of women?
That is one time.
If female Dalai Lama comes,
then she should be more attractive.
If female Dalai Lama...
Oh, oh...
That people, I think prefer, not see her,
that face.
A lot of women would say
that's objectifying women
and it's about who you are inside isn't it?
Yes, I think both.